talked to you today
tragic events of the great
patriotic war heroism and exploits
Red Army thawed homeland
the courageous work of the pioneers of the partisans
opposing the fascist oppression have names
who remember for centuries this and more
learn students in the classroom courage
organized by activists of Rostov
time cells together with the board
veterans of the Leninsky district of rocky
were dedicated to the topic children the heroes of war and
were held from 14 to 18 November 2013 in
third grade school number 70 in the seventh
and eighth grade school number 72 city
Rostov-on-Don
please that we blur under the word
Heruli
today we will talk about delegating
help pass some difficult
situation cottage with some situations
that require personal he protect
many, many girlfriends wanted to be
useful to their country did not want
helped and here in this photo we
see a boy who became a machine tool and
photos we see a girl who
it works like a hospital and helps
care for wounded heroes like
seeing cheaters jaden senior chibana
this sasha squeezed the floor under the bullets
ammo we work hard in stone
the mountain is like a lizard
near him with a crash with a crash
mines exploded boy closed her eyes
astral
continued faster plastic
selling a beam everyone hopes only him
they came to the temple from asking
put us down and we will not let them cover
because still children
but literally did not lose hope that
will somehow be able to help our troops
and soon the war came this is our sprout
then friends gathered mission went
to your teacher
Vladimir Nikolaevich throw it
teacher constantly you create
partisan detachment he said to take in
him most trusted most trusted
people from calcium
weapons and confront somehow fascists
2 children hero pioneers heroes
there are both Russians and Ukrainians and children
Ukraine and children and children fought shoulder
shoulder with adults
examples will be people as we checked
do nismo and brought up or the most
best quality courage kindness
from an autocrat donated by people
the desire to help people then visually
all please fill comrade guy
comrade memory is very important because
what we need to remember about our story
our and proud your iphone
but
she only